README.md, before:

# Yuniswap Interface

This project is to be the clone of [Uniswap Labs Interface](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface) to do my research on React 17.x and study the usecase for DEX interface, bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

<br />

## What are skipped at the moment

- Internationalization using [LinguiJS](https://lingui.js.org/)
- Styling JS Methods by [Polished](https://polished.js.org/)

<br />

## What are picked

- [Reach UI](https://reach.tech/): for accessible design foundation of React app
- [Redux](https://ko.redux.js.org/introduction/core-concepts): state handling across components
- [Ethers BigNumber](https://github.com/ethers-io/ethers.js): bignumber handling

<br />

## Available scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

<br />

---

### References

- [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap?chain=mainnet)
- [Uniswap Labs Interface](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface)
- [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started)
- [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React 17.x + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS 프로젝트 셋업하기](https://github.com/estellechoi/TIL/blob/master/docs/react/setup.md)
- [React에서 Mobx 경험기 (Redux와 비교기) | 우아한형제들 기술블로그](https://techblog.woowahan.com/2599/)
- [\<portal\>: The Portal element | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/portal)

Commit message:

add: @uniswap/sdk-core added to use Fraction, Token classes

README.md, after:

# Yuniswap Interface

This project is to be the clone of [Uniswap Labs Interface](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface) to do my research on React 17.x and study the usecase for DEX interface, bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

<br />

## What are skipped at the moment

- Internationalization using [LinguiJS](https://lingui.js.org/)
- Styling JS Methods by [Polished](https://polished.js.org/)

<br />

## What are picked

- [Reach UI](https://reach.tech/): for accessible design foundation of React app
- [Redux](https://ko.redux.js.org/introduction/core-concepts): state handling across components
- [Ethers BigNumber](https://github.com/ethers-io/ethers.js): bignumber handling
- [`@uniswap/sdk-core`](https://github.com/Uniswap/sdk-core): to use classes like `Token`, `Percent` and so on, internally using [`jsbi`](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/jsbi) for safe `BigInt` handling

<br />

## Available scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

<br />

---

### References

- [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap?chain=mainnet)
- [Uniswap Labs Interface](https://github.com/Uniswap/interface)
- [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started)
- [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React 17.x + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS 프로젝트 셋업하기](https://github.com/estellechoi/TIL/blob/master/docs/react/setup.md)
- [React에서 Mobx 경험기 (Redux와 비교기) | 우아한형제들 기술블로그](https://techblog.woowahan.com/2599/)
- [\<portal\>: The Portal element | MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/portal)
